because I have a career that I enjoy and a family that I enjoy and friends
and all sorts of things. I also have a lot of stress in my life.
I just have a lot of things going on all the time. And so I have made
a point to develop a couple of good, um, methods for kind of reducing
my stress both in the long term and also in the short run. So,
uh, stress management for the long term for me mainly has to do with
what I eat, making sure that I'm eating, Ah, diet that really supports
my body. Um, and making sure that I get enough sleep every night.
Um, in the short run, what helps me manage my stress is exercise
and not, you know, not real strenuous exercise. But when I feel myself
getting really stressed out, um, I find that just going for a five
minute walk is really, really helpful. Just the physical activity
of moving my body and also just the change of scene, um really, really
helps me to kind of get some of that energy out so that when I get
back, I can really refocus um I also use breathing exercises for short
term management of stress. So, you know, before I have to give
a talk or, you know, before, like, a meeting or something like that
where I'm kind of feeling a little angsty and stress. Um, I have a breathing
exercise that I do that can really call me down in just a matter
of minutes.